fix(curriculum): improve Crowdin wording for workshop-recipe-ingredient-converter (#60125)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-recipe-ingredient-converter/67353880ed1f52ba28c8eb56.md

const dinner = tikkaMasala("curry powder")("tofu")("onion");
```

> Declare a `gramsResult` variable, and assign it the result of using your curried function to convert 2 cups to `gram`.

Reviewer: `2` and `cup` are both values that are in the code, just removing the backticks is not going to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Declare a `gramsResult` variable, and assign it the result of using your curried function to convert `2` units of the measure `cup` to `gram`.
```
